- 👋 Hi, we are @CR7cash

We are proud to announce step forward for the crypto world: the CR7
Token (CR7)!
 
CR7 Token is a fan token made for the Greatest of All Times (GOAT). 
CR7 Token will pave the way for the wide acceptance of cryptos and promote
their useability and use-cases. 
 
The CR7 Token expects to pay tribute to the GOAT and promote wide crypto
assets acceptance while contributing to charitable projects. CR7 Token is a
very scarce fan token, with a total supply of only 1.14 billion units. For these
purposes, the CR7 team has set aside many tokens.
 
Since it is scarce, people will want to have it.
 
Since it is for fans, people will love to have it. 
 
Since it has a charitable side, adoptees will use the CR7 Token for the
better.
 
THE PURPOSES
 
CR7 Token (CR7) has three purposes intended to be achieved by the
community of Holders of the fan coin.
 
Purpose   one:   to   pay   tribute   to   Cristiano   Ronaldo   dos   Santos   Aveiro
(Cristiano, Ronaldo, or CR7).
 
Purpose two: demonstrate the possible broad adoption of CR7 crypto tokens
by a massive community unfamiliar with the concept and portray the
decentralized governance power of a crypto ecosystem.
 
Purpose   three:   to   generate   positivity   by   merging   the   love   of   both
communities and redistributing value generated by the CR7 Token (CR7)
communities to charities selected by Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro.
 
By showing love for Cristiano and crypto, Cristiano and crypto will retribute
and love the community via charitable donations.
 
WHY CR7?
 
The crypto world has been lacking a proper celebrity engagement. While
institutions, including football clubs, have brought forward crypto initiatives,
the linkage of a crypto asset with an individual celebrity was missing until
this moment. 
 
We have decided to create a crypto token dedicated to Cristiano Ronaldo, a
globally recognized athlete. He has been seen as a leader in the sports and
entertainment industry for years. Ronaldo will significantly impact the crypto
industry by introducing it to his massive following of fans – a new group of
potential users. 
 
CR7 is the obvious choice for promoting the coin since he is the GOAT. The
use of the Token is a tribute to his legacy and his philanthropic vision. 
 
Yet rarely are fans rewarded for their love other than seeing their idols
succeed. So how can we, CR7 fans, get some love back? By giving back
love.

- 📫 info@cr7.cash 

<!---
CR7cash/CR7cash is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
